You want to steal the beam and change the column?
What do you mean?
What do you mean? Don't you understand?
This vase is very important to me
How can you prove the one in your hand
It's not mine.
You were just fighting with Lin Shangxiang for the vase, right?
Yes!
Did it fall on the table during the scramble?
Is there a crack when you fall under the table?
There will be cracks.
Then it's over
Dragon boy, this is my vase.
Hey no no no no no no
I'm asking
Why do you prove it?
The one in your hand is yours.
Don't deny it if you fell yourself.
I fell
When will I thank Long Zai for doing justice?
Stop
Take everyone away
Everyone, Aunt Dragon
Isn't this problem already solved?
Why is this happening?
This hasn't been solved yet.
Take this away, don't send you away
Ha Zhiqiang, you are in the territory
All crimes committed overseas are recorded
Your trial is in three days
Is there anything else you want to say?
Hahahahaha
Now I just want to see my lawyer
Before we met him?
I won't say anything ok
Don't worry, he's on his way.
He also asked me to give you a message
Don't expect him to help
Ah oh sorry sir dragon
No no no dragon lord
I am a wronged man
Dragon Si, your takeaway has arrived.
takeout
It's Qianlong